README.md, before:

# Unshared Task for 3rd Workshop on Argument Mining, ACL 2016, Berlin

http://argmining2016.arg.tech/

See Call for paper: XXX

We provide four variants of the task across various registers. Each variant is split into three parts:

- **Development set:** We encourage your to perform the exploratory analysis, task definition, annotation experiments, etc. on this set.
- **Test set:** This small set might serve as a benchmark for testing your annotation model (or even a computer model, if you go that far) and reporting agreement measures (if applicable).
- **Crowdsourcing set:** a bit larger set if you plan any crowdsourcing experiments

Note that these various splits are only a recommendation and not obligatory, you are absolutely free to use the entire dataset if your task requires so.

## Variants

### Variant A: Debate portals
  - Samples from two-sided debate portal ``createdebate.com``
    - Posts are identified by ``#id`` and are delimited by two empty lines
    - There are four types of posts: normal post, dispute of previous post, support of previous post, and clarification of previous post
    - Empty line is a paragraph break
  - 8 devel files
  - 2 test files
  - 18 crowdsourcing files

### Variant B: Debate transcript
  - Two speeches (opening and closing) for both the proponent and the opponent from _Intelligence squared_ debates 
    - The entire debate has more participants, but the entire transcript would be extremely long for the purposes of the unshared task
  - 3 devel files
  - 2 test files
  - 5 crowdsourcing files

### Variant C: Opinionated newswire article
  - Editorial articles from _Room for debate_ from N.Y.Times
    - Each article has a debate title and debate description
  - 8 devel files
  - 2 test files
  - 12 crowdsourcing files

### Variant D: Discussion under opinionated articles
  - Discussions from _Room for debate_
    - The IDs of the debates correspond to IDs of the articles from Variant C (for instance, ``Dd001.txt`` has a corresponding article ``Cd001.txt``)
    - Each discussion starts with a debate title, debate description, and title of the corresponding article
  - 8 devel files
  - 2 test files
  - 12 crowdsourcing files
  
## Data

Data are stored in plain text format (UTF-8 encoding). The name of each file consists of the variant name, the sub-set, and the number in the subset, for example
``Bd002.txt`` is a ``B`` category file from the ``d`` development set with number ``2``. 

### License

See ``LICENSE.txt`` or ``README.txt`` in the particular folders.

### Reproducibility

``data/links.txt`` contains the full list of URLs and their corresponding files. We used ``selenium-firefox-driver`` and ``JSoup``
for scraping the content of Room for Debate. See ``de.tudarmstadt.ukp.argumentation.data.roomfordebate.DataFetcher`` for details.
Each file was also formatted to fit into 80 characters long lines, see ``src/bash/runFoldOnAllFiles.sh``.
Variant C and D were created semi-automatically, Variant A and B manually.

Commit message:

Adding call for papers, updates in readme

README.md, after:

# Unshared Task for the 3rd Workshop on Argument Mining, ACL 2016, Berlin

* This site contains supplementary data for the Unshared Task
* See [the corresponding call for papers](call-for-papers.txt) and visit the [official workshop website](http://argmining2016.arg.tech/).

## Content

We provide four variants of the task across various registers. Each variant is split into three parts:

- **Development set:** We encourage your to perform the exploratory analysis, task definition, annotation experiments, etc. on this set.
- **Test set:** This small set might serve as a benchmark for testing your annotation model (or even a computer model, if you go that far) and reporting agreement measures (if applicable).
- **Crowdsourcing set:** a bit larger set if you plan any crowdsourcing experiments

Note that these various splits are only a recommendation and not obligatory, you are absolutely free to use the entire dataset if your task requires so.

## Variants

### Variant A: Debate portals
  - Samples from two-sided debate portal ``createdebate.com``
    - Posts are identified by ``#id`` and are delimited by two empty lines
    - There are four types of posts: normal post, dispute of previous post, support of previous post, and clarification of previous post
    - Empty line is a paragraph break
  - 8 devel files
  - 2 test files
  - 18 crowdsourcing files

### Variant B: Debate transcript
  - Two speeches (opening and closing) for both the proponent and the opponent from _Intelligence squared_ debates 
    - The entire debate has more participants, but the entire transcript would be extremely long for the purposes of the unshared task
  - 3 devel files
  - 2 test files
  - 5 crowdsourcing files

### Variant C: Opinionated newswire article
  - Editorial articles from _Room for debate_ from N.Y.Times
    - Each article has a debate title and debate description
  - 8 devel files
  - 2 test files
  - 12 crowdsourcing files

### Variant D: Discussion under opinionated articles
  - Discussions from _Room for debate_
    - The IDs of the debates correspond to IDs of the articles from Variant C (for instance, ``Dd001.txt`` has a corresponding article ``Cd001.txt``)
    - Each discussion starts with a debate title, debate description, and title of the corresponding article
  - 8 devel files
  - 2 test files
  - 12 crowdsourcing files
  
## Data

Data are stored in plain text format (UTF-8 encoding). The name of each file consists of the variant name, the sub-set, and the number in the subset, for example
``Bd002.txt`` is a ``B`` category file from the ``d`` development set with number ``2``. 

### License

See ``LICENSE.txt`` or ``README.txt`` in the particular folders.

### Reproducibility

``data/links.txt`` contains the full list of URLs and their corresponding files. We used ``selenium-firefox-driver`` and ``JSoup``
for scraping the content of Room for Debate. See ``de.tudarmstadt.ukp.argumentation.data.roomfordebate.DataFetcher`` for details.
Each file was also formatted to fit into 80 characters long lines, see ``src/bash/runFoldOnAllFiles.sh``.
Variant C and D were created semi-automatically, Variant A and B manually.
